tidb: config tidb server labels (#10397)
pingcap/docs: schedule-replicas-by-topology-labels.md

    labels = "zone=<zone>,rack=<rack>,host=<host>"
    ```

To set labels for TiFlash, you can use the `tiflash-learner.toml` file, which is the configuration file of tiflash-proxy:

  ```toml
  [server]
  [server.labels]
  zone = "<zone>"
  dc = "<dc>"
  rack = "<rack>"
  host = "<host>"
  ```

### (Optional) Configure `labels` for TiDB

When [Follower read](/follower-read.md) is enabled, if you want TiDB to prefer to read data from the same region, you need to configure `labels` for TiDB nodes.

> TiDB supports setting `labels` using the configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `labels` for TiDB using the configuration file:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```toml
````

[labels]
zone = "<zone>"
dc = "<dc>"
rack = "<rack>"
host = "<host>"
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Currently, TiDB depends on the `zone` label to match and select replicas that are in the same region. To use this feature, you need to include `zone` when [configuring `location-labels` for PD](#configure-location-labels-for-pd), and configure `zone` in the configuration files of TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash. For more details, see [Configure `labels` for TiKV and TiFlash](#configure-labels-for-tikv-and-tiflash).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, TiDB depends on the `zone` label to match and select replicas that are in the same region. To use this feature, you need to include `zone` when [configuring `location-labels` for PD](#configure-location-labels-for-pd), and configure `zone` when configuring `labels` for TiDB, TiKV, and TiFlash. For more details, see [Configure `labels` for TiKV and TiFlash](#configure-labels-for-tikv-and-tiflash).
```
